Newcastle boss Eddie Howe on team news: "Everybody has come through [the Benfica game] OK. Obviously after a game there are a couple of sore bodies but nothing serious.

"Sandro is still the player we are monitoring. He did train on Wednesday but didn't feel 100% so he is the one that is probably touch and go for the game."

Newcastle boss Eddie Howe on Sandro Tonali's contract: "A lot happened around the time that he was banned. A lot of discussions between Sandro's representatives and the football club.

"Obviously there was the contract situation involving him and sacrificial wages that Sandro volunteered, which I thought spoke volumes for his mentality and how he conducted himself in that period.

"And the club came to an agreement so he had an extension of his contract which is a great thing but most importantly how he conducted himself in that ban - I thought he was brilliant and that has led to his brilliant performances."

On Tonali's commitment to the club: "It's a two-way thing. Sandro has felt the love with everyone connected to the club.

"The supporters have been absolutely incredible with him, during the ban for one but that support during the ban then followed through with helping Sandro return to football and helping him with his issues off the pitch.

"He needed that support at that time and now we are seeing the benefits. He has been brilliant since returning to football."

Newcastle boss Eddie Howe on Jacob Ramsey: "I'm really pleased for JJ [returning from injury] because coming to a new club, the last thing you want to do is pick up an injury early on, you want to show your qualities and what you can bring to the team.

"He had a period away, worked hard and has come back now to full fitness. I have been impressed and I feel there is still so much more to come both physically and technically.

"I think he has outstanding technical qualities, he is a very intelligent player and I think the best is yet to come."


More from Newcastle boss Eddie Howe on Sandro Tonali: "Sandro is happy, I think he is enjoying his football and I think he feels integral to the squad and feels the love from the supporters and players.

"You can never foresee what the future holds, I think I have learned that now but we are just enjoying his qualities and how he is playing and expressing himself in the team and long may that continue."

On whether he believes Tonali is or has the potential to become one of the best midfielders in the world: "Potentially. It's very difficult to label players, I don't tend to like doing that. I think it's a dangerous thing to do. I always think the players have to prove that consistently and I don't think it helps me to do that.

"I think the attributes are there in his game to be that. The attitude is there. Fundamentally, it is so important that the consistency and daily habits that a player has and then you see it come out on the pitch - Sandro has all those qualities.

"He has a bit of everything but the challenge is to improve, the challenge is to consistently show you are that and I would back him to do it."

Newcastle boss Eddie Howe on Nick Woltemade: "Physically there has been a vast improvement [since he arrived]. I think that was his best physical performance against Benfica. I thought his pressing from the front, his attitude to press, his durability and robustness was excellent.

"The challenge for him at this moment is that he's got to do it every three or four days and that is not easy physically and mentally.

"He has a lot of responsibility on his shoulders but he is carrying that really well. I see a player and a person coming into the training ground that feels more at home in his environment, a lot more relaxed and you are seeing his natural personality come out. I am very pleased with him."

On whether he is OK to play tomorrow: "We will see today. We have a full training session today so we will see a lot of players that haven't trained since the game."

Newcastle boss Eddie Howe on Bruno Guimaraes: "I think one of the biggest strengths Bruno brings is his consistency, the consistency of his body, his attitude, he is a very positive person. I think that positivity he brings, he carries through in all aspects of his life.

"The reliability, he very rarely lets us down. He is always there and that is the attribute of a top player. That consistency. To deliver week on week, month on month and season after season. Full compliments to him."

Brighton boss Fabian Hurzeler on Danny Welbeck's possible recall to the England squad: "I didn't talk to him about that but I'm sure he's only focused on performing here and performing well, that's the only thing he can influence, the rest isn't in his hands and he can't control.

"It's only about performance and improving every week and being ready to play at the highest level.

"I'm sure Thomas [Tuchel] will watch him and I'm happy to see that England are progressing well with Thomas so I'm sure he will make the right decision and let's see what he will decide regarding Danny."

More from Newcastle boss Eddie Howe on Nick Woltemade: "I'm not surprised Anthony Gordon likes playing with him because I think they have very good technical qualities and I think good technical players like playing with each other.

"I think Nick has settled in well in that respect especially because the lads trust him with the ball and they want to give him the ball in every moment.

"It is a testament to Nick's attitude and bravery that he has come to a new league and he is expressing himself in his way straight away. Long may that continue."

Brighton boss Fabian Hurzeler on Carlos Baleba comment that he is 'like himself again': "I think it's very important to understand that we saw some really good actions from Baleba against Newcastle and I'm pleased to hear this.

"It's always the most important how a player feels, that he feels like he's getting back to his own.

"Now it's about all the behaviours that he showed against Newcastle and making them into habits, if you do it consistently, daily business, every training showing these behaviours and actions then you get habits.

"I feel also that he's getting back more and more to his shape and hopefully he can continue with that performance tomorrow."

Newcastle boss Eddie Howe was asked about Arne Slot's comments on Alexander Isak: "I do not think that is wise for me to get involved in. Alex is no longer at this football club so I will not comment on that."

Howe was pressed further on Slot's remarks: "The set-up here is very good. It's not perfect, we have things to improve and grow but the owners here have developed the facilities very, very well.

"There is building work going on currently to help us deliver better in the future. We have elite athletes here and touch wood we are managing them well at the moment."

Newcastle boss Eddie Howe on the importance of Nick Pope: "It can be taken for granted. The two saves he made the other night, both were outstanding saves in big moments. If you go a goal behind it makes it so much harder.

"I thought the first one in particular, it was unorthodox but he has found a way to keep it out and I think that has always been his biggest strength - he finds a way. He uses his big frame to the best of his ability and advantage.

"I go back to the [EFL Cup] final, the save he made when we were 2-0 up - it was a massive save. Goals always get the full coverage and I understand that but Nick is very valuable to us."


Brighton boss Fabian Hurzeler on how the rumours that Manchester United are interested in Baleba might affect the defender: "I think it's the next step for him as a person, as a personality to overcome the rumours and the noise because it's only the noise that tries to distract him from performing for us for Brighton.

"The main thing, and it's not only for us here regarding development, in general for his career he needs to focus on what he can control because he can't influence the rumours and the noise, only the things he does on the pitch."

Newcastle boss Eddie Howe on Yoane Wissa and the patience required: "If you look at Yoane's situation. He will need almost a pre-season and the pre-season schedule we give to players is six weeks.

"We do that for a reason so we can build them up. I'm not saying he won't play for six weeks but to get to his very best level it will probably take that time.

"Firstly, before we get to that stage, we need to get him fully 100% fit and then we can really push him.

"He has been to see a specialist yesterday, that was a routine appointment. He is on track, he is doing well and now we can push him a little bit harder."

On whether he is still expected back early November: "Yes, whatever I said a while ago."

Brighton boss Fabian Hurzeler on Manchester United: "I think they are playing more direct and more vertical style so more long balls trying to target [Bryan] Mbeumo and [Benjamin] Sesko, trying to win the second balls and continue on the wing.

"Trying to attack the box with deep runs and of course they have a lot of individual qualities. They can change the game with one action. No matter who it is.

"They are a danger for us and we have to be staying alive for 90 minutes because they can score from every phase."

Brighton boss Fabian Hurzeler on Ruben Amorim having not won three games in a row: "It's not my job to comment on that but the only thing I can say is that I am really looking forward to competing against one of the best managers.

"I think he is one of the best, of course he's not in an easy phase with Manchester but he's proved in the past how good he can be.

"Why can't they win three games in a row? I don't know because I'm not there."

Liverpool manager Arne Slot has arrived and has wasted no time giving an update on Alexander Isak.

He says the Sweden striker is "not too bad" but is a "question mark" for tomorrow's game against Brentford, as is midfielder Ryan Gravenberch, who missed the Eintracht Frankfurt match with an ankle issue.

He also says Jeremie Frimpong will be out for the next few games at least with a hamstring injury.

Goalkeeper Alisson Becker remains out.


Liverpool manager Arne Slot on: "Jeremie Frimpong is not in a good place, he won't play today, tomorrow or next week. Hamstring injuries take a while.

"Alexander [Isak] is not too bad. He is a question mark for the weekend so we will see where he is and that is the same with Ryan Gravenberch.

"Alisson Becker is also not in the squad.


Asked if this is a difficult moment for Mohamed Salah, Arne Slot says it has been "a difficult moment for all of us" because "no one is used to losing."

Liverpool manager Arne Slot on Florian Wirtz: "It was more difficult to do what he did against Manchester United [to set up Cody Gakpo] than his assist for Dominik Szoboszlai.

"His general game I have liked, but if you lose a game then you hear about the negative things.

"On Wednesday we generated the same amount of chances from open play than we did in those recent defeats."

Liverpool manager Arne Slot on finding out his best XI: "All the best teams have more than 11 players. After the summer signings, even if we won seven games in a row, I felt like we would need to grow.

"We have lost four, three of them were away. It is normal with changes. We need to find a way of growing together."


Chelsea manager Enzo Maresca is also speaking to the media at the moment. He's confirmed that striker Liam Delap is back in training.

Delap could be available to play against Tottenham next weekend.

Liverpool manager Arne Slot on Mohamed Salah's form: "Everyone has been in a difficult moment.

"Scorelines have an impact on opinions of people. I need to show everyone what we did well and what we did wrong."

Liverpool manager Arne Slot: "At the moment if we do one tiny thing wrong then we concede. We have to make sure that we do things 10 out of 10 times perfect.

"Some moments have been unlucky. A period of time like this, you have to be perfect.

Arne Slot has faced a lot of questions about Mohamed Salah after the out-of-form forward was dropped for the win over Eintracht Frankfurt on Tuesday.

Salah has struggled for goals this season but Slot says the Egyptian is a human being and "the last thing I worry about is Mo not scoring goals again."

Liverpool manager Arne Slot on Curtis Jones' improvement: "His playing time has gone up as I like how he progresses with the ball. He is in competition with five or six good midfielders.

"He played a good game against Eintracht Frankfurt."

More from Liverpool manager Arne Slot on Mohamed Salah: "Players miss chances and he is a human being. We are not used to him missing chances.

"The main thing is that he always has scored goals for Liverpool. The last thing I worry about is Mo scoring goals again. He's done that his entire life and I expect him to do that again in the coming weeks and months.

"Quite a few changes in the squad means everyone needs to find new connections."

Liverpool manager Arne Slot on former Liverpool and Brentford goalkeeper Caoimhin Kelleher: "He has shown that he was right to leave as he is playing really well.

"We will also face Jordan Henderson who is the only Liverpool player to lift every trophy as captain, I was told.

"In Holland they cannot stop talking about how much Ajax miss Henderson."


Liverpool boss Arne Slot on Milos Kerkez: "We brought him in as he brings a lot of energy to the game by going up and down. He has been unlucky that Cody [Gakpo] has used his main strength of coming inside and hitting the target.

"We've shown clips to Cody where Milos was the right option. They need to find their connection better than they already do."


Brighton boss Fabian Hurzeler on Jan Paul van Hecke: "I learned a new word yesterday and I tried to spell it right, it's 'discretionary effort' and it was explained to me as like if you go over and above the things I expect and he is a prime example of that.

"He is scoring above the expectations I have of him, on the pitch he's always 110%, besides the pitch a great personality and you can see it in his development so when you follow his career, he went through to where he is now you see really consistent development and that's because of his attitude and his mindset.

"He's so important for us. He's a Dutch guy so I always like his honest and straight-forward opinion and that's why he's one of our leaders in the team."

Chelsea manager Enzo Maresca on team news: "We don't have any new injuries. Liam took part in the session with the team yesterday for the first time.

"He is not going to be available for tomorrow's game but the next one [Wolves in the EFL Cup], yes."

On him being ahead of schedule: "The schedule can also change a little bit. It depends how they improve or get worse from the first time they send me that but he can be available for that [Wolves]."


Chelsea manager Enzo Maresca on striking the balance with giving minutes to players like Estevao: "The balance for me is quite easy in terms of, we have 24 or 25 good players but in the end only 11 can start.

"Since I joined the club, I showed that depending on the game and plan, we will change players. I know that when they don't play they are not happy but it's not about one, it's about all of them. They also know that they cannot play every game."

On what sort of conversations he has with him: "It's the case with all of them, it doesn't matter the age. If you say to Tosin [Adarabioyo] who is the oldest one, he is not going to play then he is not happy.

"So it's not about the age, it is about when they don't play they are not happy but they have to understand they cannot play every game."

Chelsea manager Enzo Maresca on the youngsters flourishing at the club: "I said after the [Ajax] game it was a special night, special for the club and the fans with so may young players.

"We are full of good young, talented players and the main thing for me is juts to try to help them day by day how they can get better and better. It's the only way to improve the team if you can help the players."

On what specific things he does to help the young players: "We just try to help them first of all to understand the way we play and also we have speciality coaching staff with all of them. After the session, we dedicate time to them to improve because they are young and need to improve.

"It doesn't matter the age because even if they are a little bit older they need to improve but if you want to improve the team you have to improve players."


Chelsea manager Enzo Maresca on Regis le Bris and what he makes of him as a manager and his Sunderland side: "I spent one season with Leicester in the Championship and I loved the Championship. Even if we play Premier League or Champions League, I always watch the Championship so I have watched Sunderland since last season when the new manager arrived.

"They are doing very good, not just from this season but last season as well. They play good football. They are quite strong, physically strong. I really like the way they are doing things."

Chelsea manager Enzo Maresca on Marc Guiu: "Marc is a typical number nine. He is physically strong, a box player. Again, he can improve and do many things better. We are working with him every day to try to help him.

"As I've said already many times, he is going to play games with us. We know Joao [Pedro] can play as a nine or 10 - in both positions I think Joao is very good but when he has another nine next to him he plays better."

On whether Guiu spoke to him when he was recalled from his Sunderland loan: "We had a chat with Marc a few weeks ago. I told him about the way he was training. I didn't like it. He needed to change. He changed and he got a chance.”

On what he didn't like about it: "He was not training well. In all the way."On why he believes this was: "I don’t know. That's why young players are sometimes in one way or the other way. You need to go slowly, slowly with them.

"But since we chatted, it stopped. It's fantastic. He is working very well."

More from Chelsea manager Enzo Maresca on Marc Guiu and if he is ready to start a Premier League game: "Absolutely he is ready to start."

Maresca was asked if Guiu could go back out on loan with Liam Delap returning to fitness: "Oh my god. We are in October. I don't know. In football, things can change very quick, for everyone; for players, for managers, for everyone.

"It is very difficult to say."


Chelsea manager Enzo Maresca on attention increasing on Estevao: "We have Andrey Santos and Joao Pedro who are both helping him a lot because they have already been in Europe for a different time so they are helping him a lot.

"As a club and a staff, we just try to help him and give him the attention he needs but not just with Estevao, with all the young players that have come from abroad.

"We said the other day he is a special player. The good thing about him is that he just thinks about football, he enjoys it and he is happy.

"Again, his family is doing a fantastic job with they way they raised him."

Chelsea manager Enzo Maresca on Enzo Fernandez handing the ball to Estevao for the penalty in midweek: "I told the players after the game that we were very happy with the winning and the three points.

"But the main thing about that game is Enzo giving the ball to Estevao because it shows how the team's togetherness is in this moment. This is what we need if we want to try to do something important."

Sunderland are back on the road this weekend after claiming their fourth Premier League win of the season against strugglers Wolves last time out.

Regis Le Bris spoke to the media yesterday ahead of Saturday's trip to Stamford Bridge to take on Chelsea.

Let's take a look at some of the top lines:

Omar Alderete will be unavailable due to "concussion protocols". The defender is currently undergoing "daily assessments" and it is hoped he will be back in contention to face Everton on 3 November.
After picking up a red card against Aston Villa, Reinildo has served his three-match ban and will be available for selection. Le Bris added: "It is an advantage to have him back, he has lifted the standards of training."
On being level on points with Enzo Maresca's side, he said: "Winning four games from eight shows that we've been consistent and flexible. Chelsea are a really strong side and a top four Premier League team. They can clearly play 60 games per season because of their depth and their young and dynamic squad. It will be a big test."
He added: "They are a good example for us because we aim to become a team with a similar identity, in terms of having young players and a strategy around development."
Summer signing Nordi Mukiele's "personality" has helped him quickly settle into the squad. Le Bris explained: "He fits well with the energy of the squad. He has connected really easily with our fans. He brings energy. He also shows a level of creativity, which is a positive for a defender."

Man City boss Pep Guardiola on team news: "The guys who were not able [to play] against Villareal are still not ready."

Man City boss Pep Guardiola on recent meetings at Villa Park: "They were much better than us at the two fixtures we played at Villa Park. Hopefully it will be different on Sunday.

"The admiration I have for Unai [Emery] is so high, consistent and well-prepared.

"They aren't in the Champions League this season but for me they are they were in the Champions League last season and created a lot of problems. Well organised, quality one of the toughest away games we'll have all season."

Man City boss Pep Guardiola on Emery as a coach: "Defensively really good, set-pieces also and after that they've improved a lot over the last years.

"With the keeper they have it's difficult to control the pressing. They bring a lot of players in the middle, the connection is really good, they break the lines and when that happens they are so, so quick.

"A really complete team."

Man City boss Pep Guardiola on the fitness of Nico Gonzalez: "I didn't see the doctors, we'll see today and tomorrow how he feels.

"It was something with his feet.

Man City boss Pep Guardiola on City flying under the radar in the title race: "In the first two, three games we were done and now it looks like Liverpool are done.

"I'll tell you that we will be back, I've said many times that the pundits, the specialists, the former footballers know what's going to happen after five games, I'm not able to do that.

"Ten, 15 games to know what's going on. Liverpool and Arsenal are there, someone else will be there and hopefully we can be there.

Man City boss Pep Guardiola on City finding form: "We have good momentum but not the consistency for 90.

"We are starting to understand opponents and what we want to do. Our mentality and our body language is in the right spot and it will make us stable.

"[We need to] play better during 95 minutes, we play good but we need to play better."

Man City boss Pep Guardiola on the rise of long throw-ins: "Well we'd have to buy a player with strong shoulders and arms to put the ball in [to the box] and we don't have it. Before we had Kyle [Walker] and we didn't use him.

"It's a tendency in many clubs, it's like a corner and it's not easy. Brentford do it, Tottenham and Arsenal as well. It doesn't matter if I like or don't like. It's a weapon and we have to adapt."


Man City boss Pep Guardiola on Matheus Nunes: "He can be an incredible right-back because he's a holding midfielder with incredible physicality.

"He can become one of the best, it's a question of him now. We talk about it a lot."

Man City boss Pep Guardiola on Abdukodir Khusanov: "I think he's close but he's still not ready from having an injury in a dangerous, dangerous position in his body."

Manchester United manager Ruben Amorim on team news: "The squad is fine, we have some doubts. We had some issues during the week with Harry Maguire and Mason Mount.

"Nothing serious but some knocks. We will see tomorrow."

Manchester United manager Ruben Amorim on Bruno Fernandes ahead of his 300th game for the club: "He is a little bit different to what I was expecting. Everything you read about the players sometimes is not that.

"He wants to help a lot the team-mates, sometimes it's not in the best way but it comes from a good place.

"He wants the responsibility all the time. He suffers a lot with the losses and you can see he takes it personally as he should as a captain.

"Let's see if he is going to reach that mark tomorrow."


Manchester United manager Ruben Amorim on narratives being changed by fine margins: "I don't want to change so much with the difference of 20 centimetres.

"If [Cody] Gakpo's shot was 20cm different then the narrative would be different.

"If you are a manager, you don't win a lot of games. People are going to doubt you. They have reasons for that.

"My point of view is that we need to be clear on our path and not change so much because we win one game."


Manchester United manager Ruben Amorim on Fabian Hurzeler and Brighton: "I think it is going to be a very difficult game. Brighton is a really fun team to watch, they are really good on build up, they are really strong on transitions, in every aspect on the game, they are doing well in this season.

"They are a really complete team, we need to be really smart and face that game with every focus that we do because they are a really strong team.

"You can see by the way they play the game. Really intense. The quality is there.

"They believe a lot on what they are doing, even under pressure. So I'm a huge fan of Fabian."

Manchester United manager Ruben Amorim on being adaptable: "We have one identity, one way of playing but we adapt what kind of game we need to play in the moment. You can sense that the first half against Sunderland was not the same as the second half. We know how to manage that.

"Then against Liverpool, of course, we scored right away in the first play. Then we managed the game playing in a different style because it was needed in that moment. That is a good thing.

"Then the spirit. Sometimes when you have a good spirit you have that bit of luck that we need to win games."


Manchester United manager Ruben Amorim on momentum: "We use the good spirit of winning games. We know that was a good weekend for us but our focus is on the next game.

"That is in the past and we need to understand that football can change a lot, especially in this kind of club. So we are not thinking about the last game. We are thinking that this game is going to be really hard to win."

Manchester United manager Ruben Amorim on Lisandro Martinez: "He trained really well. Not with us but he was on the next pitch. I was watching also the training. He is feeling well.

"He is responding really well. I don't want to say that one specific day or one week. Then it depends on the rhythm of the training."


Arsenal boss Mikel Arteta on the fitness of defender Gabriel: "Big Gabby had to leave the pitch against Atletico Madrid with an issue and we will have to wait over the next 24 hours to see if he is available."

On the availability of Noni Madueke, Kai Havertz and Martin Odegaard: "None are available in the next week or so."

Arsenal boss Mikel Arteta on breaking Chelsea's record of only conceding 15 league goals in a season: "Those kind of records bring silverware at the end and the trophies that we want. The more we can produce, the closer we will be.

"The aim is to continue improving things."


Arsenal boss Mikel Arteta on Eberechi Eze playing against his former side: "It will be a special match for what he did for Palace but the focus is on the team."

On his squad depth: "I would love to play all of them but I would rather have this situation. We've been very short in numbers sometimes over the past few years."

Arsenal boss Mikel Arteta on relying on set pieces: "I don't see football like open play and set pieces. I see the game in a different way.

"We have given that part of the game the importance it deserves. We have to maximise things we have and be effective.

"Ten years ago I had a vision and tried to implement a method and I am surrounded by the best people to deliver that."


Arsenal boss Mikel Arteta on his team's defence: "The teams with the best defensive records most of the time, except the past three seasons, normally win the league - so the stats go against us.

"The stronger we are in foundation, the better chance we have."

Tottenham boss Thomas Frank confirmed that captain Cristian Romero is back out on the grass but there is "no time-frame" for his return.

Destiny Udogie is not yet back but is still progressing while Dominic Solanke is "positive" and was out on the grass on his own on Friday.


Tottenham boss Thomas Frank on Kolo Muani's starting hopes: "It is the first time he has had a sustained block of training and minutes.

"He is not at the stage where he can be bombarded with 90 minutes at the intensity."

Tottenham boss Thomas Frank on injured attackers: "Every head coach or manager wants their best players fit. When that happens, we complain the squad is too big. Injuries are injuries, it is what it is.

"It would be lovely to be able to use Solanke, Kulusevski, Maddison, but we have some very talented attacking players available.

"We are working hard getting the flow with the front four. There have definitely been some good games and good spells but we will keep working."


Tottenham boss Thomas Frank on set-pieces and long throws: "This season I have seen a crazy peak in it. I like it.

"Whatever you can do to create an advantage, extra threat, you need to look into it. You can talk about styles but I'm looking at maximising the opportunity to score goals."


Tottenham boss Thomas Frank on Everton: "I think Everton is a very good team, not just [Jack] Grealish. A good colleague and friend of mine David Moyes is there - someone who I respect a lot and his teams are always hard to beat. He has got Grealish able to flourish again."


Everton boss David Moyes provided an update on Jarrad Branthwaite after undergoing surgery on his hamstring on Tuesday: "We had him back, he was back in full training, and we expected him to be very close for Manchester City.

"It didn’t feel quite right so we got it checked out and he’s had to have some work on it.

"We’re not giving a timescale because we want to give it a chance to heal and for him to take his time."


Everton boss David Moyes on right-back Nathan Patterson's injury: "He had a plantar fascia tear in his foot which he picked up in the game against Bradford. It will probably keep him out for a couple of weeks.

"He’s also had a little bit of an issue with his hernia so we’re going to get that tided up while he’s out."

Moyes confirmed there are no new injury concerns ahead of Sunday's game.


Brentford boss Keith Andrews provided a squad fitness update: "The players are in a good place. We are pretty much as we were.

"Josh Dasilva is still out but he signed his new contract, which I'm really happy we were able to do.

"Aaron Hickey won't make this weekend, but he will be back in training in the next few days. The rest of the boys are pretty much available."

Paris Maghoma and Gustavo Nunes are both in contention though, after featuring in Brentford B team’s 6-1 victory over Luton Town on Tuesday

Brentford boss Keith Andrews on reigning Premier League champions Liverpool: "They have world-class players in their squad. It is a new team - and I can relate to that.

"You can see in their performances that their team probably doesn’t have the rhythm it once did. But, in the moments when it does click, they are absolutely lethal.

"We will have to manage the game. We are well aware of the strengths they have. We will see what their teamsheet brings tomorrow evening. We will be prepared for it and we are really looking forward to it."


Burnley boss Scott Parker provided a team news update: "No fresh injury news. Fully fit [apart from long-term issues].

"Lyle [Foster] is back. He has been training for the past three or four days and is back in contention as well."


Wolves boss Vitor Pereira on his squad availability: "Bellegarde is back with us [after illness], Hee-Chan Hwang also is, and Jorgen Strand Larsen is better, he has improved his level."


Wolves boss Vitor Pereira on his side's 2-0 loss to Sunderland last week: "The conversation with the players this week was about how we played in the first half because we weren't proactive.

"When they scored the first goal, we started to play. We played a very good game in the second half.

"We cannot be a different team in the first half to the second half. Mentally we need to be ready to start games"


































