Erling Haaland is fit and ready to start. The striker trained fully all week and looks sharp.

Mohamed Salah remains Liverpool's key attacking threat. He's in excellent form with 5 goals in last 3 games.

Cole Palmer is a doubt with a minor groin issue. Manager said they'll assess him closer to the deadline.

Bukayo Saka trained normally and should start on the right wing for Arsenal.

Son Heung-min is expected to lead the line for Spurs after recovering from his knock.

Bruno Fernandes is available and will captain United as usual.

Kevin De Bruyne might be rested for this fixture according to Guardiola's press conference.

Phil Foden is pushing for a start after coming off the bench last week.

Darwin Núñez looks set to keep his place up front for Liverpool.

Gabriel Martinelli is ruled out with a hamstring injury sustained in training.

Marcus Rashford returned to training and could feature from the bench.

Jack Grealish is fit but faces competition for his starting spot.

Martin Ødegaard remains sidelined with his ankle injury. No return date yet.

Declan Rice picked up a knock in training but should be fine to start.

Rodri is being carefully managed but is available for selection.

Casemiro has been training well and looks likely to start in midfield.

Alexis Mac Allister is fit and will anchor Liverpool's midfield.

James Maddison is back in full training after his ankle issue.

Kai Havertz is expected to start as Arsenal's central striker.

Alexander Isak continues his excellent form and should lead Newcastle's attack.

Julian Álvarez might get a start with City having a busy schedule ahead.

Ollie Watkins is fit and ready to lead Aston Villa's attack.

Dominic Solanke has trained all week and looks sharp for Bournemouth.

Callum Wilson is still working his way back to full fitness.

Ivan Toney is available after serving his suspension.

Jarrod Bowen is in good form and should start for West Ham.

Pedro Neto has adapted well to Chelsea and looks likely to feature.

Luis Díaz is fit and competing for a starting spot.

Anthony Gordon is available and pushing for a start at Newcastle.

Eberechi Eze has been excellent for Palace and should feature prominently.

Heung-Min Son is expected to play centrally for Spurs.

Richarlison is fit but may have to settle for a bench role.

Brennan Johnson has impressed recently and could keep his place.

Diogo Jota is back in contention after his injury layoff.

Raheem Sterling faces competition for minutes at Chelsea.

Marcus Tavernier is fit for Bournemouth and should start.

Morgan Gibbs-White will be key for Forest in midfield.

Matheus Cunha continues to shine for Wolves.

Harvey Barnes is pushing for more minutes at Newcastle.

James Ward-Prowse should start in West Ham's midfield.

Youri Tielemans is a doubt with a minor calf issue.

Conor Gallagher is available and should start for Chelsea.

Curtis Jones picked up a knock and is being assessed.

Ryan Gravenberch has been impressive and looks set to start.

Kobbie Mainoo is in contention for a starting role at United.

Mason Mount is back fit but faces competition for his place.

Scott McTominay is available for selection.

Amadou Onana has settled well at Aston Villa.

Douglas Luiz is fit and should start in midfield.

Moises Caicedo has been solid for Chelsea and will likely start.

Enzo Fernández is available after recovering from his issue.

Gabriel Jesus is ruled out with a knee problem.

Eddie Nketiah is fit and available for Palace.

Chris Wood continues to lead the line well for Forest.

Mateo Kovačić should start for Manchester City.

Rico Lewis might get minutes if Guardiola rotates.

